What's the matter with you, Empress?
Why are you so bothered?
Didn't the emperor save me last time?
I want to find a gift to thank him
But he has everything.
After thinking about it for a long time, I finally have a solution today
But you this time
I want to fix a purse with a name for him.
But after writing for a long time, it has not been good.
Are you worried?
name
I have an idea.
Good way, Your Majesty
The concubine has an unkind request
I hope you will allow me to say
You also know
The concubine has been practicing calligraphy recently
But never found the rules
I want to get a pair of ink treasures from you and go back to study.
What the hell is this Jiang Yuan up to?
I think your posture for practicing calligraphy is probably wrong.
Come and write to me first.
Stand up straight and use a little force on your wrists
Don't get carried away
Boldness in the chest
To write good words
Thank you Emperor for your guidance
The concubine must study it carefully when she goes back
Then you have to practice hard
I want to accept it.
Do you still want to accept it?
Finally finished
Go back and give this gift some time.
What gift?
Emperor
Isn't this for me?
It's for the emperor
I just can't fix it well, I want to fix another one.
I'll take it.
So
That pair of ink treasures was specially requested by you
Concubine dare not
It's just that the concubine wants to surprise the emperor
To thank the emperor for his previous life-saving grace
Protecting you is a matter of course
Why thank you
But you really want to thank me
Then promise me
Your Majesty, you are playing with your concubine again
The concubine has long been a member of the emperor
How can we promise each other?